[Music] I
already forget how the extract had started
the deal begins let's see that
the previous extract has lasted a long time but
those are the extracts well slide kisses
from friends thank you very much these are the
extracts well the ones that last an hour and
people and people put them on while they are
working my interest is doing
homework cleaning the house whatever
only those are the nice extracts
okay
but as the initial one is previous for
life just as it had started now
remind you all that pass me kids
remind you all hit the video
remind you all if you can make the
members of the channel if you want if you can if you
want of course make the
members of the channel I have also put
a virus here that people have asked me to
put vissum because some do not
know how to put their hanger or become a
member things well each one
supports the channel as they like and if you
can not support then absolutely
nothing happens what we can see enjoy
the salt content or although
the girlfriend of the fart is avoided criticize us
je half criticize us and say that  our
job is to do harm
okay and who doesn't understand why people
welsch to the ceo
who doesn't understand why people see the
salsero
because it gives a lot of pleasure inning
is like chocolate emit the chocolate
is bad
because it is so terrible does not talk about
sugar and hands but today the burger
king how it is and they don't pay me it is bourgeois you
can pay me convention or a lot but
today how is the crisis with mayonnaise my
mouth is watering
listening to it nothing
is good for your health that feels that do not
abuse for the salsero is fine emit what we should not
abuse the sun be thread
database and we adjust the third cd
problems emit well I made a
video responding to her okay of course do
not insult her or attack her or anything like that
because we do not
agree with her opinion okay if you go to her
channel let it be to follow her and treat her
with respect but never go to
enjoy her and she answered the video
if you want to see my video you go to my
main channel that I uploaded it I do not
even remember what title I gave it  since I'm going to
look
on my main channel the video is called
semita charges hard against talas and
the willow channels or apparently it happened
this morning at around 12 or
1, well he did a live stream and answered us
all directly in general because
I saw that it's freezing he uploaded an excerpt
from early in the morning
he stutters also
this box I think also the south not the
south the one I don't remember if his thing no
but well I know that several
well what's going on
guys naruto for low test
discount 98 waves that evita can you
send me a greeting to Mexico of
course naruto I send you a huge greeting
to Mexico hey guys this morning I
woke up and my hair almost fell out with
twitter what a disgusting social network really
what a disgusting social network what a disgusting social network it makes
me very nervous I'm not
used to this social network is that I
'm not used to it people make
things up the bird here is right twitter da
co but twitter is disgusting but we can't
leave them how many times have they kicked
me off twitter
how many times have they  kicked off twitter and did
n't get it by the way is there anyone
here who doesn't follow me on twitter I'm asking is there
anyone here who doesn't follow me on twitter I'm
asking
important very important
in case there's anyone here out of the 2,000
people who don't follow me on twitter don't
tell me I don't have twitter do you think it's
important I asked for verification and it's
been a month and a week at any
moment they will respond but I need you to
follow me I don't know what the problem is with
the salsero it's like a
celebrity newscast as if the salsero channels were to
blame for making things
public exactly pedro palmas but
what you said is very important
thank you very much for the super chai anyone who
wants to give their opinion as long as it's
with respect you can do so with
superficials with text
it's very important what he said that
things that are public are worth the salsero
ok but that the lines are not crossed
nor defamation and slander nor
personal intimacies that do not decide to make
public okay I mean do not cross
the line we go save me so that this
girl yesterday said that we were like save me
or something like save me but weird said
Javier to comfort precisely
we criticize the most because he doesn't do it well
back then he makes it up he
really makes it up he makes it up and I'm really
amazed these people should be
movie writers because they would really
win awards with
the stories they tell I will
just finish reading a tweet or
edition of this girl she is a hypocrite
first she says that the gnosis channel
of the geox syllabus and then she says that she hasn't
seen it in a get-together boy watch my
live shows before the end please if you
're watching me guys and you're watching me and you
don't follow me on twitter but you comment on
my tweets watch my live shows I
ask you please watch them if you have
nothing to do with your life why
have a drink come back and tell me yesterday
literally in the same live show with two
minutes difference she
said
and
such as a gossip channel it
's not like save me but weird and then
later on she said I don't know I don't watch the videos of
dallas i don't know what she does she
said it
literally
at least what she does is sigh
and then take everything out of context
please since she has nothing
better to do in your life well the little that you
are doing which is watching the live shows
well really be patient guys i'm going
to clarify one thing for those who still have
n't found out for those who are
dedicated to not following my content but
taking things out of context to go look for
those things to take them out of context i'm going to
give you something to do in your day to day
ma'am i appreciate the criticism and i'm
going to eat the night the truth is that it
hides me that nothing magaa gentlemen there I said i
don't like it i don't consume and it seems like
garbage content to me those programs those
channels those whatever you
want to call it okay whatever you want to
call it where they criticize hate they incite
things things are not manipulated made a lie
this is a lie that's not what he said
this is a lie now i keep listening and
the other thing but well this is a lie he did
n't say it seems like garbage to me the channels
where hate is incited i have
always hated the salsa singer on tv
at the same time  called the salsa dancer of the
internet is a completely
different thing television seems like the web of sal
whether or not it
depends on who does it today but it is
true that there are a lot of people
always criticizing my mother my wife
because slvame comes and now I am
here hooked on your al pse or if
the lines are already being crossed okay
but the daily daily life there had been
entertaining and fun heart programs on television not the
fact of being television or television
implies something to you okay
intro another for the editor it looks bad
live
adrin
javi what do you think of the salsero of doing
bilin by mistake I filtered a photo of axa and
grabbed it quickly but they copied it and
spread it on tw let's do it more
now in a little while okay now in a little
while we are going to do it being treated and I
like sal he had surgery I don't like
slvame that simple but because
slvame they are crossing the lines
disgusting life the other day
slvame in the afternoon that was a group of
men from 50 to  60 year old horny guy [ __ ]
an 18 year old girl, Jesuln's daughter was there
and she is criticizing it, it's not at
that level, not here, the question is what
[Music]
she didn't say that the channels
that defame and incite hatred were garbage, of
course if there is a channel that incites
hatred and that I don't know what it defames and that I don't
know how much, of course it's garbage, of course, but
the question is that she didn't say it like that,
she said that the salt channels or
that the salt ceo channels
are [ __ ] and that the people who
follow them are mongoloids and that when
people stop watching that content
when people stop watching that
content we will be a better like a
better society, people talk about things that
are not 100% real, nor do we know if they are 100%
true. Yesterday I criticized this type of
content, content that is harmful, that is
harmful, and on top of that sometimes it is a
complete lie, how many times does the
press in the Basque Country here take
things out of context, they gave the example of
dice because what happened in Dallas came up, but
really I asked you what is it?  It appears
in Dallas' content and you
hawks that I ask you is gossip and
all if it's not like a metal saver
ask it now affirm you say I have not
seen any video I do not know what content he does I
only know that I have seen things from him on
twitter and from tito which is the only thing I
see that where I know that the page of
some things that he has said and I know from
people close to me that he has said things
that were not true or the seen that
refers to Grace's things and the truth
whatever you say he is going to say
but come on I think it is undeniable that
Greece announced some headphones whether it
was part of it there are nuances in which
Dallas being is or not because
surely you who are with him with your
boyfriend no surely because you know
some of those nuances in which maybe he is
probably wrong
but what is selling to people
advertising to people some headphones
as if they were original apple
and they were leprosy headphones that is which is being
turned around to me whatever you want whatever you
want the
good thing
for that is your boyfriend to answer him
or to deny what he did like the
ass and if they asked him for some little
lies I also think like with
sabela retweeted with twitter to those
where he called her a clown and insulted her
publicly the tweet called her a
clown it remains the same because he called her the
clown elsewhere but I don't think he's
going to feel this correct me if I'm
wrong
yes yes it
seems to me that the ways of giving the
cons with sabella were adequate the
truth is not an idiocy your opinion
may seem what you want once you
are twisting
we are facing life but then
you explain it well or do not answer it or it happens that he
grazed what other people
think looking at you defame you understand me but I think I
am specifically did not call her a
clown I
think that's why I
said I know that the
directory takes out take out
the live
take out the live it doesn't bother me that it has
fallen it
doesn't come to me that the live has fallen
young man really
how disgusting really you don't know how much I want
but not for this reason but for a thousand
reasons that I have to leave
for a thousand reasons
Valeria  correct no no
what I was saying in this last one
was that Dallas in the center
called her a clown, he did not support them in the video
of each main it
remains the same because I think he calls her
live
equally I
also tell you equally I also tell you I do not think it is right how
Dallas behaved with Gol knowing the tone he
had against her no also I tell you I did not
think it was right that Ghosn sailed
however justify the ways of the
chocas or when they clash insults
that here we have very thick skin for
some things and very weak for others it
must be said everything no family it must be
said everything family of the
patinas but ask is it being seen in
cleaning live and so on but that is what you
said day 1 that it did not seem right to you
that Dallas attacked Bolsa
shut up but
that I do not know why this girl is bringing
that up what content she did do not affirm it
because I have not seen
a video of Dallas in my [ __ ] life I have not seen it I do not know
what content she does I have simply given my
opinion based on what I have seen that
he of
that tedium things that I have seen
publicly that I think he has slipped  and I do
not agree with what he
said and also because I know that there are things
that he may have said that are true but
many others are not true but well,
this example of Dallas but I was not
referring to the Dallas channel I was referring
to all those progressives in the press that
spread things because there is a
color here this guy
but well, this example of
Dallas but I was not referring to the
Dallas channel I was referring to all those progressives in the
press that spread things because there is a cut
guy not yet with a video from
the other day with a in a video with
Chavela when it was the video with Shabelle
talking about the subject there was also a call
can the live shows The Tourist be edited
like on YouTube they are not true but
well, this example of Dallas
but I was not referring to the Dallas channel I was
referring to all those progressives in the press
that spread things that later turn out to be lies it
's me if you know but the newspapers there
are magazines and journals there are media outlets
that when they get something
toxo wanting to have the exclusive on
that thing Atocha they publish it without
true confirm if the sources are
reliable this happens
totally
when it happens but that's why it depends on which
channel this happens a lot of
media that when
something reaches their ears they prefer
and put it in the chat of who you are
talking about javi oliveira to look bad
and then cover up what they have done wrong but
yes it is true [ __ ] yes it is true
I will keep the exclusive
so yesterday I said that the content
the gossip that is harmful or rather it is that I
cannot understand how
content that is laughing at someone
laughing at the expense of
someone's suffering laughing at the expense of
someone's mistakes is that this is normal it is not
normal people it is not normal because
then we are scum if we like to see
that type of content
I want you to stay with this last
sentence I
want with this last sentence because it is
true that when you warned me
and this morning that it was live I
went in I was in the bathroom I went in for a
minute the mom who saw a minute
of the live and I want you to listen to what I
did after okay but
this last sentence sounds better they
are more scum if we like to see that
anymore  I'm talking about salt, you know, nonsense, I'm talking
about disrespect, criticism, laughing,
consuming content that's making
fun of a person, a
person suffering, a person's [ __ ], that's what
I don't understand is the content that
I criticize, that and then
spreading things that you don't know if they are 100%
real because if not, with 100% real if
you have a large reach you are going to
do a lot of harm to that person without being
100% sure of what you're saying
those are the only two things that I
criticized yesterday, the only two things that I
criticized yesterday, the only ones, the only ones,
speaking without having a clue, harming
another person, as you say, reach and I don't
understand how content that
is laughing at the expense of
other people's suffering succeeds. That's it, I haven't said anything
more
clear is that people, since if Dallas says
yes, but you hear things on
Twitter, no, or if it's that Euro play,
they have confessed that they like
politics and gossip, but
not the hobby, how are they going to like that if
they have been involved  in gossip
and in controversies where they will surely have had a
bad time with
efe he
screwed up here
how you can not talk about half of
what you do not know you can not confirm
something that is not without contrasting it because you
take for granted something that may not
be true
old age half I
left half that you can not talk on your
channel without knowing that you can do harm I am
going to say that they like it and that they support
this type of content are we crazy or
that nobody nobody nobody likes
but euros and now that the two have said it
here euros said it in the live that I
did with him okay no no that he
loved it but when you know that the whole
world sees it if you come
youtube island things are great comment in
private to see if but now it
seems like nonsense to me it could be said
perfectly by the big youtuber
who comes
to say busybody if you knew that I am
at home to see you that they are having dinner or that
two or three youtubers are left when
you when they know that you are going to talk about
a topic to wait to see you and that
otherwise ibai himself sends us here a
message that I said it I was joking I was going to
watch the videos leave the kid for that and he
sent me a message and vice are here
live I recognize them I'm here do you
remember sometimes you like it that I
fall asleep I put it on
what nonsense I am but why do you
talk about others' mouths I mean because
you want to throw [ __ ] at a type of
content that I already think is terrible not
because you are criticizing the work of
others you are saying to me it seems
very bad to criticize when someone
screws up well look if your boyfriend as if he
screws up in a live live he puts on
pokemon after they give him an
audi no
if you don't take it he starts driving a car
in a certain way on a
highway in Andorra he must have thrown you
30 and we see it here well it's
normal that we raise our voices because it's clear it's
clear nothing happens okay you don't like it
because you new deals day screwing up
but literally because you take the microphone they
only put their ass spsp there that their fan
chewing there they continue come again with
more broth that you don't like that
these channels exist because they put your boyfriend I'm
sorry but don't start talking through
other people's mouths because it makes you look bad
you're criticizing and you're throwing garbage
directly at people who are doing their
job like pose diogo may be south
and then he's generalizing
and putting in the mouths of others
things that have been said and what you say
not the opposite of what you say you
are lying he is pointing out other
people for lying and what they go around saying and
spreading hoaxes and electro the first one you
are lying here in the debate
inform yourself before speaking it
still continues I confirm it but better
pass and screw them art
is that I don't understand
clearly but I didn't say anything about Dallas if it
is that I can't give an opinion because I don't know
what content it does only to be that there have
been specific things that for me he has not
told them well that he has exaggerated them
that they were given misinterpreted that he
has after vicky versed well
maybe there will be transversal I there that
if I knew what it is she is diverse
surely trans and would verse whatever
but what
is it that emits know I understand you truly I
understand you
understanding
understanding in the end because if these
have exploited a couple of topics that go with
your boyfriend and he
doesn't want you don't want these
channels to exist because they harm the person you
love that you're in love with
paying attention but you have to be a
little critical and accept the
mistakes of others there is no exaggerated one
or I don't know who exaggerates
but I have no idea what she does on
her channel or anything or right
gossip questions but the people here for
sale as if there were no tomorrow as if there were no
tomorrow they
just invented my data let's
see
yes and I simply gave my opinion but
obviously this thing is gossip I'll
give you an example gossip gossip that
we can have an opinion about and it's not
harmful to anyone I don't know you
only said the thing because it's what you
saw on twitter and already of course it's what bio bio
bio a retweet in thing that
called her a clown and she
told them let go of her arm sir or something like that it was it was
like but it's that really
first then also people  telling me for
sure that then you consume those
channels I do not consume any channel of
any type of gossip none because
I do not like it, I will
not talk that I exaggerate about dallas
gonza ar and well okay yes yes that to me
also it seems that will give he took it
too strongly for what it was but
well each one takes things in their own
way listen to what she says that she did
not claim that dallas did gossip
I would swear that she did claim it let's see I
forgot each main
to defend herself because you want everyone on your
channel not to create a
wonderful unmissable but because
when there is controversy everyone sees it what
happens with the content of salt ceo
to this day still in Spain and entered
spoken with several streamers in
live talks and in many scripts to
funny videos comical or
humorous things with his sister happen on the
internet from view main content
my content in age value really
one has them as a channel a little
gossip no the channel
well he asks it half a question he gave me
the signature and gives it to him  for fact and then she
asks us, she has them like a
gossip channel, it's not what she thinks it's what I
already believe, I already have
enough with my life to
go
[Music]
el sol
rodrigo h v 7 thank you so much rodrigo
perez 23 times I appreciate it
so much I send you a very big kiss
very big and nothing's going on they are
beautiful weekend and I went to bed on day
in game 87 thank you so much friends for
those games and for that one of sorry I hadn't
seen it sorry that no I
hadn't seen it no but that's what I'm
telling you it makes me it makes me it makes me it makes me laugh it makes me
laugh then another one saying is that
the re wine doesn't stay the first that
David is David and I'm
from the river well they comment on it divides the
main channel because it's not a
content thing you understand
she was criticizing the content that we
have to tell the people who see
our content I didn't want [ __ ] and
then yours these people don't
like this don't chew farts and the
Huai river I could see it with what could
have  commented having put it but it
's not something that will happen in a
serious content but it's something that he did of
credit I didn't find out what the abbot or
stopped doing is one thing and another it
seems that people are hypocritical you
want me to start criticizing
someone publicly no the first thing is that I
think we all have the right to have
flaws and for being a public figure you don't
deserve to be judged
publicly and that a hundred thousand out of thousands and thousands
of people are judging what they think we
can give our opinion girl it does
n't seem that people think that a
public figure deserves everything
public that can happen to you no friend you
can't pillar at nine thirty what's
left with the surprise will
upload it to the main channel like at
11 11 at 10 thirty
like aitana or with many artists to
triumph as because people like the
content music because you are an actor
of milk and it seems that people
normalize that you have to know his
private life and that you can talk about his
private life and you can criticize him as much as you
want for being a public figure not
with his private life no no  but I can
understand that society admits you that
yes but but no but no but no
well and I always when someone makes a
mistake whether it's someone close friend I
have close kitakami never think for
a person to crush them publicly
because I don't see it as correct I don't see it as
correct start the case if a person
who is defamed first that has
said something to you the same a little fine but it
makes me laugh the people who say no it's that
life life life sometimes my partner I
have a romantic relationship with him I don't
have a work relationship what he does and
work-wise is his life and what I do
work-wise is military man yes of course
of course but it's not about you
doing the same thing on the internet of course
you have never done the same [ __ ]
that he has done but what was being
discussed is that you have the same
fandom that is nonsense and I do not
criticize it and it seems totally logical to me
just as I was talking the other day
with alpha about him promoting
the sister and the first push to the
sister it does not seem totally logical to me it
is that it is absurd to me it would seem absurd
not to do it
but
let's not deny the nonsense  we are not going to
deny that you have the funk where your
boyfriend has the funk where he thinks that later you will
have another part that has subscribed
for you surely you do not have a million
followers in tweets
okay
in all that is being criticized is that
you criticize the audience of the salsa singer
of how people like that so what
we are responding is that
if it seems to you we are going to like
chewing worse
[Laughter]
that I can tell you x and y ceta behind the
camera is one thing but the day of his
[ __ ] work life and I have my
[ __ ] work life so they are two
things it is mixing tomatoes with pears but it
made me laugh because a guy it was
common that people talk without knowing it is not that the thing about the
prisoner wilde look that he saw that I do
not get involved in these things and I got involved with the
king because it gave me so much
impotence it gave me so much impotence to say it is that
there are people that even the one we
go to that he is first his all-powerful
actor or his all-powerful singer
does an atrocity you are going to continue
supporting them you know another of the things that I
think and it is unfortunately like that  much
that tweet is to unmask someone by
calling them that you are not going to get an
effect the effect that you are going to get is
that that person has more fame and on
top of that people blindly believe it, I
mean there is no one more blind than the one who does not
want to see so in the end you cannot
go like that to go as a
savior you have to make a beautiful
person novel [ __ ] in your life as
to go after other people that
first does not marry partner now I will
allow it lack of respect in the
chat I
will allow it lack of respect
also she is with the
good
of being famous
and secondly that it is a [ __ ] but
I think that people when something
big happens instead of telling you the values
of this person they just do not finish me I am going
to leave I am going to not want to follow
this person at all, I mean they give
more fame people follow them the same and the
worst thing is that people are going to continue
defending this here to see if this yes yes yes
literally yes that is why many of the
important people in fact with many
followers become collaborators with
each other to participate in series together
and so on when in reality they cannot
see each other  send they want but they are
business things or work things and in
reality the most intelligent thing, I mean,
[Music]
in the end you start criticizing one person and
criticizing the other and you are not going to destroy the
person you are criticizing it is okay
that we talk about being followed what we are
doing what we have talked about
today throughout the afternoon comment on the
controversies today this is the happiness of the other
today the other said this that he but now go
try go try to sink
someone
no that is a very big support can you
explain why title respond that yes
but that you tried to sink someone it is not the
same when two youtubers plain
big or small or medium or anything two
youtubers start throwing [ __ ] at each other it is
almost impossible for everyone to be for
one and against the other and
we lose everything it is happened that I
remember only twice you
know
only I think it has happened times that
one will help each other [ __ ] but of course because it is that he
was already looking for it but why
because of him not from the other replace
okay but if finally what you do is
the most intelligent thing
[Music]
get along yes  they have something personal they do not
make it public or trying to make it
public I do not know what comes out and they make their
content on their mobiles because in the
end their content is analyzed to
play
for that in the end it is not
worth it to get into those things and the
perfect example would be the example of
nine look who talks tied up and has been
in controversies and look at people who
are in controversies and there they continue earning
a [ __ ] fortune and having 28 million
followers from all
social networks, I mean it is useless big
people mask themselves because on top of that you
get the rebound effect that a
partizan line wins I
ask about the ignorance they do
there to earn a fortune that they
win it what is their source of income is that it is like that is that
but well what do they
want with the one who heard it the
same many times
in lazio funny this that people go around like
robin hood on social networks and it is
like no friend no no and that in the end it is not
even worth trying to tell the truth
everything trying to make
people aware of raising this point that
this may be like that because people will
believe what they want  want or better yet whatever they
want to sell you, want to
believe you understand me in the end people don't
look for the truth they just follow the
herd they buy the truth that they want to
buy the person who wants to buy
generalizes the things that they don't have let's
see yes there are a lot of people like that but there are
some that don't I try to make sure that my
people aren't like that they aren't herd so
in the end it's like well ok let's
see about the
comment
well there's three
o'clock tea guys
access but watch out what else the
gossip is about and it sells itself because
obviously people like what they say they're going to
prefer to see like the islands of
ostentation
remember the click did you remember the click
from before do you remember when I told you
remember this phrase that in phrase it was to
put myself in the comment it's me on some
program of the island of temptations
the island of temptations the petals
the [ __ ] blow up but what if you
internally stop javi there is an
update on the subject of the year 8 in
his last live
but he has it posted for members we
don't have this for members no they
didn't upload it of
course what happens is
Analyzing what we're seeing is how
I'm enjoying how people cheat on each other,
are unfaithful, liars, and
betray and it's like when you stop to
think about that you say, damn Vazquez,
gossip is obviously
the world if it's true but the fact that it
moves it and that we do it unconsciously does
n't mean that it's correct you
understand but when there are different
types of gossip, mane in the end what I
emphasized is those
gossips in that which can be very
harmful to a person
and the truth is that here the content
is laughing at the person at the cost of their
suffering will cost suffering
not at the cost of them causing
suffering to others what is more is
what is most often criticized and put is not
that you make fun of someone and
someone who is on the ground tramples on you like poor thing and you are bullying them at the cost of their suffering not what is most usually put when someone is doing something bad to others and I'm exact Sergio where do I spend my
free time if I had to say what I
invest in my time  free apart from
sport is watching series and movies is what
I like the most reading reading sports
and watching series and movies yes I'm
honest I don't consume tweets and that I do
consume but I don't consume anything on YouTube at
all nothing at all I
'm talking about the fact that I've been
with David guys for three years I haven't even seen a
whole video of his so you can get an
idea and then he comes saying
surely you watch the channel of don't burn
with surely you watch the channel of the guy I don't know
that the guy I don't know what the [ __ ] ss are you have
seen my video he has said several things
they are about my video but there interpreting
then Maya interprets it
if you want the other one who is saying that
surely I watch and I am a follower of the channel
is not a follower of surfing in the end it was a
lie it
was a lie they told him in the crazy one
and two and a half years ago I only said the
south but he follows the guy south he
follows the cool guy he had made it up it
's that the guy south
doesn't follow us there are screenshots of if he
follows them let's see Christopher per month those
screenshots on twitter right now
karime says she's sorry and carl says it
and he's going to me  mass is
that uncle church who gets along with
many of the youtubers so big also
follows them on twitter
semita
ivan just sent me this screenshot that
yes
from gallup
you open up that would be a huge lie
so this his live face to would
not
be lying
javier oliveira if he follows him
but be like he just just
lied to me about something stupid that they can
[Music]
or like like they are taking a
screenshot then from the psuv it appears here
but so that it stays here okay
if you follow him look maybe he just
lied about something so absurd guy he
just lied about something so absurd like it
was that we got in here see it hey
today I'm going to see Marta del
Castillo at night when I finish what
I get there would end up being more from del
castillo I don't know if I'll make a video
about the subject or something
or so strong that it is not a
real room
okay he
just lied here but some nonsense
that could be verified is the other one who
is telling me that surely I am a
follower of the father I don't know who
and if two and a half years ago I didn't even know what
twitch was
but nothing about those guys I  I haven't seen
any twizy videos that I consume but I
don't consume anything on YouTube, nothing at all.
I'm talking about the fact that I've been
with David for three years and I haven't even seen a single
full video of his, so you can get an idea, and
then they come saying that you surely
watch the 12 channel that he watches and with
certainty that you watch the channel of that guy, I don't know
what, the guy, I don't know what the [ __ ] ss
man, go away, well I'm telling you, it will be on my
street all the time it will be clear
but I'm going to watch it how I'm not going to see,
my street will be on my people's streets, it will be from
all over the world, man,
but you saw it all at 3 o'clock
today I'm going to try to watch it at 3 o'clock there, it's that I
already finished everything at 2 and throws
a quick one, my eyes closed. I want what he
's telling me that I'm surely a
follower of the
hosting
two and a half years ago I didn't even know what
twitch was
but none of those guys that there are
different types of gossip, the one that
seems to me the one that seems really
regrettable is the one you consume and you have a
good time at the expense of
other people's suffering, that  It's the way that's the one
that's not
good okay I think it's cool Gemma but
the truth is street you didn't say it like that the
truth to break your morning
there you didn't say it like that my weapon but
nothing's wrong how cool that I take you
here besides I always I've always had
here I will always take you and I will never
get mad at you once
you but I like you Gemma really it
's an excerpt about the great blackout
taking fake news as real
seriously
and that I always do that cause
the typical
criticism of my work always came out and
this will pass
don't say anything to him
[Music]